Speak kind words that uplift those around you.
Forego idle complaints.
Make a conscious effort to be aware of the needs of others around you.
Be thankful for the little things.
Look for the best in all situations.
Set goals for the week and accomplish them.
When someone comes into your space, be attentive and listen.
Lend a hand to a stranger this week.
Make it a point to be patient this week with people, work, etc.
Tell a friend how much you appreciate them; you never know what an impact your words may have.
Be respectful of time.
Focus on your gifts and talents and how you can use them to make a difference in your community
Commit to speaking to greeting people that you do not know this week and share kind words.
Be open to other people’s thoughts and opinions.
Smile more!
Gather your friends and/or family to find ways to be kind to the environment.
Learn how to set a table properly and invite family and friends over for dinner.
What are three things that you are fearful of that stops you from being the best that you can be. How are you going to conquer these fears?
Show random acts of kindness this week
Appreciate where you are at this moment in your life.
Embrace the things in nature that speak to you.
Bring sunshine to lifeless places.
Be the example for your surroundings, with virtuous behavior.
Treat people the way you want to be treated.
Look within your heart and see how you can transform it to be better and do better to help in this world.
What activities do you or can you do that will help you be at your best. (i.e. exercise, volunteer, quiet time, etc.)
Reach out to an elderly person that is important in your life and thank them for how they have supported and lifted you.
Go and introduce yourself to a neighbor, find a homeless shelter, a school, a foundation that speaks to your heart, and volunteer where’re you can use your gifts and talents.
Write a handwritten note to someone special and say thank you.
Life a life to be proud of.
Focus on the things that make you feel pleased, because you know you gave it your best effort.
If someone is not pleasant towards you, make it a point not to take it personally.
Discover ways to create positive memories for your family, friends and relatives.
Use Social media wisely.
Think of and act in ways that can produce more Civility in your workplace or school.
Think of and act in ways that can produce more harmony in your home.
Connect with people that you normally would not give a chance.
Don’t turn your head to bullying. If you see someone being bullied, stand up and let them
Spend several minutes today simply sitting and enjoy the gift of silence
Each day wake up with a heart of gratitude.
Be hopeful for your future. List out ways you will make a positive impact in this world.
Live each day to the fullest, seeking to show Civility through your words, actions, and attitudes.
Volunteer to work with an organization that feeds your passions.
Spend at least 10 minutes a day doing something that you love.
Be sensitive to your needs and assert yourself in situations that compromise you.
Take time to apologize for your wrong doings.
Keep your voice levels at levels that respect your environment.
Mind your body.
Lift others through kind words.
Embrace the spirit of laughter.
Incorporate activities in your life (i.e. exercise, classes, etc.) that help you to be the best you can be.
Be thankful for all things in your life.