If you don’t have anything nice to say, then don’t say it at all.
Life is so much more pleasant when one has a positive attitude
Loving others is one of the hardest tasks we are set, but it is also one of the most rewarding.
Always remember you have so much to be grateful for.
-
Make your word your bond, starting with yourself.
Listening to others attentively, is an act of humility.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of another. Charles Dickens.
Patience is the calm acceptance that things can happen in a different order than the one you have in mind. David G. Allen.
Friends are like Angels who lift you up when your wings have forgotten how to Fly.
Time management is Life management.
We are all blessed with special talents, shine your unique light and share it with the world
A joyful person life is contagious.
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You’re able to benefit from the unique viewpoint of others, without being crippled by your own judgement. Ralph Marston.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness. William Arthur Ward.
We never know the importance of water until the well is dry.
Family and friends that eat at a table together, stay together.
Don’t be afraid of failure; be afraid of never trying.
-
You are where you were meant to be.
Kindness is the language that the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
A joyful spirit inspires joy in others and is a pleasure to behold
Five things constitute perfect virtue: gravity, magnanimity, earnestness, sincerity, and kindness. Confucius.
Creating a complete hospitality heart focuses on these five principles: love, hospitality, grace, civility, heart, home, and community.
“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.” Charles Dickens
Our best doing is our best enjoyment
It takes a person of great heart to see the wisdom the elders have to offer, and so serve them out of gratitude for the life they have passed on to us. Ken Nerburn
A joyful spirit inspires joy in others and is a pleasure to behold
A handwritten note is timeless and it shows a willingness to go beyond the status quo.
“The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, and you will fill yourself with hope.” Barack Obama
“The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.” Ralph Waldo Emerson
Nothing others do is because of you. What others say and do is a project of their own reality, their own dream. When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you wont be the victim of needless suffering. Miguel Ruiz
Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory. Dr. Seuss
T H I N K before using Social Media - (T - Is it True, H - Is it Helpful, I - Is it inspiring, N - Is it Necessary, K - Is it Kind)?
Civility, starts with you, if not, then who?
Live in unity and harmony.
It’s our differences that make us beautiful and unique. Focus on the good in all people.
Your words have power, use them to lift up others not to tear them down.
Rejoice in the moment.
Focus on the good in life and you will find it.
Hope is one of the most powerful motivators in the world
It isn’t what we say or think that defines us, it’s what we do.
Leap and the Net Shall Appear.
Do what you love and do it often
One of the greatest gifts that you do for yourself, is to set clear boundaries for what works for you.
Apology leads to forgiveness, forgiveness leads to freedom.
Confidence is silent, insecurities is loud.
Your body is your temple, treat it as such.
Never under estimate the power of a kind word.
Laughing is contagious - laugh more often and infect the world!
When you are at your best, you can give your best.
When you walk with gratitude for the good and the bad in your life, you understand the blessings of life.